## Description
This Machine Learning analysis was completed as part of Udacity.com’s Data Analyst Nanodegree.  The analysis is of Enron email and financial data to identify persons of interest and was completed using Python with the scikit-learn library.  

## Documents
* poi_id.py - This file contains the Python code for the machine learning algorithm.
* tuneDT.py - This file contains intermediate code that is called by poi_id.py to tune the Decision Tree parameter min_samples_split.
* feature_format.py - This file contains tools to move selected features from the data file into the format sklearn expects.
* tester.py - This file contains the code that shows results from the classifier.
* my_dataset.pkl - This file contains the Enron data used in the analysis.
* my_classifier.pkl - This file contains the classifier generated by the algorithm.
* my_features_list.pkl - This file contains the list of features used in the algorithm to generate the classifier.
* Project_Questions.pdf - This file contains the questions and answers that are part of the project.
* References.txt – This file contains a list of websites that were referenced while developing the analysis.
* poi_id trial4.ipynb - This Jupyter Notebook contains the feature selection process using SelectKBest with tuning to determine the best feature combination.

## License Info
The MIT License applies to this repository, which is a short and simple permissive license.  The text of the license is contained in the file License.txt and was copied from the https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/ website.
